1. What are the differences between operators and values in the following?
*
'hello'
-87.8
-
/
+
6



Solution: Operators are : * , / , + , -
          Value are : 'hello' , -87.8 , 6
          
          
          

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
spam
'spam'



Solution: string is : 'spam'
          variable is : spam



3. Describe three different data forms.


Solution: Data Forms are int,Float,Str


4. What makes up an expression? What are the functions of all expressions?


Solution: An expression is an instruction which combines variables or values and operators to give a single value as output. Functions of all expressions is to evaluate down to a single value



5. In this chapter, assignment statements such as spam = 10 were added. What's the difference between a declaration and an expression?


Solution:  An expression is an instruction which combines variables or values and operators to evaluate a single value as output while in opposite to Expression, Declaration doesnot evaluate to single value instead it represents an action or command.




6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1


Solution: 22




7. What should the values of the following two terms be?

'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3


Solution: Both will have same value that is 'spamspamspam'



8. Why is it that eggs is a true variable name but 100 is not?


Solution: A variable name should start with underscore or alphanumeric characters since 100 is a number it can't be a variable name and eggs is alphanumeric as all alphabets also falls under alphanumeric but all numbers are not. 


9. Which of the following three functions may be used to convert a value to an integer, a floating-point number, or a string?



Solution: int() , float() , str()



10. What is the error caused by this expression? What would you do about it?

'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'




Solution:  TypeError: can only concatenate str (not "int") to str






